Update install instructions (#317)
kokkos/pykokkos: docs/installation.rst

   git clone https://github.com/kokkos/pykokkos-base.git
   cd pykokkos-base/
   conda create --name pyk --file requirements.txt python=3.13
   conda activate pyk

Once the necessary packages have been downloaded and installed,

> install ``pykokkos-base`` with required CMake flags (example performs a OpenMP+Cuda install):

Author: ```suggestion
install ``pykokkos-base`` with required CMake flags (example performs an install with  OpenMP and CUDA enabled):
```
